Once upon a time there was a squirrel.  The squirrel lived in an office and,
ocasionally, stole food from the people who worked there.  This made the people
very sad, because lunch is all they had to look forward to.  Eventually, they
decided to hire the squirrel so he'd have enough money to buy his own food
instead of stealing other people's.  This was good for the people, but not the
squirrel, who had to fabricate most of the information on his resume to get the
job in the first place.

It was time for his first task, to copy 100 files and to pass it around the office. However, the squirrel did not know how to use the copy machine! He tried everything he can think of, putting acorns into the small cracks and opennings of the machine, tried asking it to copy, etc... However, one of the acorns jammed the machine and the machine, with a loud groan, broke down. 

The squirrel crawled into the copy machine and proceeded to manually copy all
of the documents passed into the copy machine and spit them back out.  This made
all of the employees much happier because they hated that copy machine.  It
also made the squirrel happy because he had a purpose and legitimate food.

The end

Sadly, this was not the end. The squirrel had now turned evil again. He started eating the other offie employees' lunches again and they started to hate him and were almost going to hire him when .....

the squirrel was sucessfully reHIRED but this time he was coming back as CEO of his company. As his first action as CEO the squirrel made sure no one went hungry while working so anyone could take a lunch break when they wanted to with provided food. He also replaced all the copying machines with squirrels who copied them for you in order to provied all other squirrels with the sense of accomplishment he originally felt.

These squirrel-tarian efforts to bring prosperity to all squirrels.  For these wonderful efforts, the squirrel was awarded the Nobel Prize for PHYSICS.  And his name was Albert Einstein.
